{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.16299}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs28 T-Clock Advanced Clock Configuration Options\par
\fs24\par
Date Options\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Day of Week\b0\fs22\line dddd\tab = Text Weekday Long (by locale/can also use \b aaaa\b0 ) \line ddd\tab = Text Weekday Short (by locale/can also use \b aaa\b0 )\line dde\tab = Abbreviated weekday name in English.\line wi\tab = numeric weekday (ISO) from 1 - 7 (Monday - Sunday)\line wu\tab = numeric weekday (U.S.) from 0 - 6 (Sunday - Saturday)\b\fs24\par
Day of Month\b0\fs22\line dd\tab = Numeric Day of Month (with leading 0) \line d\tab = Numeric Day of Month\par
\b\fs24 Month of Year\b0\fs22\line mmmm = Text Month Long (by locale)\line mmm\tab   = Text Month Short (by locale)\line mme\tab   = Abbreviated month name in English.\line mm\tab   = Numeric Month of Year (with leading 0) \line m\tab   = Numeric Month of Year\par
\b\fs24 Year\b0\fs22\line yyyy\tab = Four Digit Year\line yy\tab = Two Digit Year\line Y\tab = Year by the locale calendar (i.e. the year of the Emperor in Japan)\line ggg\tab = Period/era name by the locale calendar (i.e. \ldblquote Heisei\rdblquote  in Japan) \par
\b\fs24 Week of Year\b0\fs22\line Wi\tab = ISO 8601 numeric Week-of-Year. (Europe)\line Wu\tab = U.S. like Week-of-Year \endash  beginning on first day of the year, based on sunday\line Ws\tab = numeric Week-of-Year \endash  beginning on first sunday.\line Wm\tab = numeric Week-of-Year \endash  beginning on first monday.\line Ww\tab = SWN (Simple-Week-Number) numeric Week-of-Year. \par
\b\fs24 Day of Year\b0\fs22\line DOY\tab = Day of Year in decimal format (001 \endash  366).\par
\b\fs24 Time Zone Name\b0\fs22\line TZN\tab = Name of the machine\rquote s currently configured Time Zone.\line\tab    \b\fs20 Note: \b0 For this to display correctly T-Clock will need to be restarted if Time Zone\line\tab\tab information is changed in Windows Date and Time Properties.\line\tab    \b Note: \b0 doesn't work currently, fixes or suggestions on how to name timezones are\line\tab\tab welcome.\fs22\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\page\b\fs24 Time Options\b0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 Hours\line\b0\fs22 hh\tab = Hour in 12h format with leading 0\line h\tab = Hour in 12h format\line HH\tab = Hour in 24h format with leading 0\line H\tab = Hour in 24h format\line w \'b1 x\tab = Alternate time zone in 12h format \endash  current time \'b1 x given hours\line W \'b1 x\tab = Alternate time zone in 24h format\line\fs24\tab    \b\fs20 Example: \b0 If you are \b UTC -5\b0 , you could enter \b w+05\b0  to get back to the current UTC time.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab\tab        If you are \b UTC +2\b0 , you could enter \b w-02\b0  to get back to UTC.\fs22\par
\b\fs24 Minutes\b0\fs22\line nn\tab = Current Minutes with leading 0\line n\tab = Current Minutes\b\par
\fs24 Seconds\b0\fs22\line ss\tab = Current Seconds with leading 0\line s\tab = Current Seconds\par
\b\fs24 AM/PM\b0\fs22\line tt\tab = Add AM/PM Symbol as Configured in T-Clock Time Options (can also use \b am/pm\b0 )\b\par
\fs24\page\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc Other Options\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Swatch Internet Time \b0 a.k.a.\b  .Beat Time\fs22\line\b0 @@@\tab\tab = a decimal time concept introduced in 1998 and marketed by the Swatch corporation as an alternative, decimal measure of time. One of the goals was to simplify the way people in different time zones communicate about time, mostly by eliminating time zones altogether. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swatch_Internet_Time" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf1\ul Wikipedia: Swatch Internet Time}}}}\b\f0\fs22\line\b0 @@@.@\tab = also with first decimal place\line @@@.@@\tab = and with second decimal place\b\par
Formatting\line\b0\\n\tab  = Newline Character \endash  Inserts a line break to wrap the output as you like.\line\ldblquote\'85\rdblquote\tab  = To prevent a character from triggering its function encase it in \ldblquote quotes\rdblquote\line LDATE = Use the default system configured Long Date format.\line DATE   = Use the default system configured Short Date format.\line TIME    = Use the default system configured Time format.\line JD\tab = \b Julian Date\b0  - The Julian day is used in the Julian date (JD) system of time\line                measurement for scientific use by the astronomy community. Julian date is\line                recommended for astronomical use by the International Astronomical Union.\line OD\tab = \b Ordinal Date\b0  (YYYY-DDD) - Using UTC/GMT/Zulu Time.\line Od\tab = \b Ordinal Date\b0  (YYYY-DDD) - Using Local Time.\line POSIX = \b Posix/Unix Time\b0  is the Number of Seconds that have elapsed since the\line                Unix Epoch Date: 1970-01-01 00:00:00.\b\par
\fs24 System Uptime \fs22\line\b0 Sd\tab = Number of Days system has been running.\tab (Not compatible with Sa)\line Sa\tab = Total number of hours system has been running.\tab (Not compatible with Sd)\line Sh\tab = Number of hours system has been running.\tab (Not compatible with Sa)\line Sn\tab = Number of minutes system has been running.\line Ss\tab = Number of seconds system has been running.\line ST\tab = Short uptime displayed in h:mm:ss format.\fs20\line\b\fs18 Note:\b0  this function uses GetTickCount() on OS versions before Vista, so any uptime over 49.7 days will (wrap to 0) be inaccurate. Vista+ supports uptime to infinity though.\fs20\line\b\fs18 Note\'b2:\b0  this format additionally supports advanced padding. "S__a" will pad with up to two spaces in case "hours" are less than 100. "S___dd" will pad with up to three spaces and additionally got a zero padded minimum size of two. eg. "   03" for a three hour uptime.\fs22\par
\page\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs24 T-Clock Command Line Options\par

\pard\widctlpar\qc\b0\fs22\lang1031\par

\pard\widctlpar   \tab\b /exit\tab\tab : \b0 exit T-Clock\par
  \tab\b /prop\tab\tab : \b0 open T-Clock's properties (options)\par
  \tab\b /start\tab\tab : \b0 start Stopwatch (open as/if needed)\par
  \tab\b /stop\tab\tab : \b0 stop the Stopwatch counter (kind of pause)\par
  \tab\b /reset\tab\tab : \b0 reset Stopwatch to 0 (doesn't stop)\par
  \tab\b /lap\tab\tab : \b0 record a (the current) Lap Time\par
  \tab\b /sync\tab\tab : \b0 synchronize the time (UAC elevation required)\par
  \tab\b /syncopt\tab : \b0 open SNTP / synchronize options, also allows to sync now\par
  \tab\b /exit-explorer\tab : \b0 tries to exit Explorer gracefully (kills after 15 sec)\par
  \tab\b /restart-explorer : \b0 like above, but starts it afterwards\par
  \tab\b /SEH /exit\tab : \b0 unloads "exchndl" exception handler and exits\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\lang1033\par
\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs24 T-Clock Hotkeys\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 T-Clock Includes User Configurable Hotkeys to: \line Open the Stopwatch.\line Open Add/Edit Timers.\line Open Properties Dialog.\line Display T-Clock Calendar.\line Open Timer Watch Window.\line\b\fs18 Note: \b0 Timer Watch will auto-close if it isn\rquote t needed (has no timers being watched).\fs22\par
\page\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs24 How to Use the PC Beep (.pcb) Sound Files\line\b0\fs22 For Those Without Sound Cards\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj    For those that do not have sound (or just like these tones) T-Clock includes the option to use .pcb files to play a series of tones through the PC\rquote s system speaker. The .pcb files are in a plain text format, and have a straight forward (duration, frequency) simple syntax. So they can be created or edited with any plain text editor (like Notepad).\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1    There is one demo.pcb file included in the Waves directory. Content of the file with line by line explanation is below: \par

\pard\widctlpar\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs20 100, 400\tab Creates 100ms long 400Hz tone.\line 100, -1\tab\tab 100ms Pause between tones.\line 100, 500 \tab Creates 100ms long 500Hz tone.\line 100, -1\tab\tab 100ms Pause between tones.\line 100, 600 \tab Creates 100ms long 600Hz tone.\line 100, -1\tab\tab 100ms Pause between tones.\line 100, 500 \tab Creates 100ms long 500Hz tone.\line 100, -1\tab\tab 100ms Pause between tones.\line 100, 400 \tab Creates 100ms long 400Hz tone.\line\fs22 500, -1\tab\tab 500ms Pause at end of file for smoother looping.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1    The first number (duration) is in milliseconds. It controls how long the tone or pause will be.\par
   The second number (frequency) is in hertz, and controls the pitch of the tone being played. Valid values are from 37 to 32767.\par
}
 